### Project Writeup and Reflection
Please write a short document in [Markdown format](https://guides.GitHub.com/features/mastering-markdown/) (1 per team, not 1 per person) with the following sections:

**Project Overview** [~1 paragraph]
Write a short abstract describing your project. Include all the extensions to the basic requirements.

In order to start our project we had to find *our own* API keys. We got those by signing up for MapQuest and MBTA portal. We also used **flask**, **urllib**, **pprint** and **requests**. The WebApp-MBTA repository was built to find the nearest MBTA station that is wheelchair accessible. Within the repository there are **two** parts. **Part 1** uses the website URL and our own APIs to accept a location name, **in MA**, and return the closest MBTA station with its wheelchair accessibility information. **Part 2** is starting an interactive website on our own server. The url, *(http://127.0.0.1:5000/)*, allows users to type in their location and press "enter" or click "Show me nearest station". It will return with the closest station and the accessibility information.

**Project Reflection** [~2 paragraphs]
After you finish the project, Please write a short document for reflection [~2 paragraphs]

**1st paragpraph** From a process point of view, what went well? What could you improve? Other possible reflection topics: Was your project appropriately scoped? Did you have a good plan for unit testing? What self-studying did you do? How will you use what you learned going forward? What do you wish you knew before you started that would have helped you succeed? **2nd paragraph** Also discuss your team process in your reflection. How did you plan to divide the work (e.g. split by class, always pair program together, etc.) and how did it actually happen? Were there any issues that arose while working together, and how did you address them? What would you do differently next time?

We got everything to work the way it is supposed to, although we were not able to create an error page. Neither of us could figure out where we needed the **if** statement to create the separate error page. We were only able to get the typical error page that didn't allow us to return to the previous page. Another part of our project that went well was communication. Because of our familiarity with each other, inside and outside the classroom, we were able to collaborate well on the actual coding and plan our work together as we saw best fit. We ended up working together on the same laptop as we both were able to help each other get through little issues and it sped up our process.

For our team process, we felt that although we may have had a slight obstacle in the beginning, we were able to efficiently collaborate due to our familiarity and academic chemistry with one another throughout the duration of this assignment. We initially decided to split the work into three blocks/days starting from Friday, with each team member completing a portion of the assignment. Although we had significantly differing schedules throughout the weekend, we were able to figure out time blocks to sit down/meet with eachother at a mutual area. At the initial meeting, we attempted to split the work in half, with each team member completing one part, but soon realized that we would require eachother's assistance and that this was not a feasible split. This may have been our biggest issue that we were able to solve by simply working through one forked repository and a singular laptop. In the future however, we agreed that better time management could be incorporated since we felt that we were scrambling the first day that we met. Our familiarity with one another lead to better communication and experience overall.